
	x*oscope infinite TODO list, in rough order of suggestion

	This is a the original text of (most) everything that's been
	thought up or suggested along with my comments and any status
	updates.  Things that are mostly done have now been moved to
	TODO.old for historical reference.  I don't know how many of
	the remaining ones will ever get done or if some of them are
	even practical without major work.


1	16 bit sampling			(Jeff_Tranter@Mitel.Com)

	Oscope would just divide by 256 to show 1/1 scale.  The
	obvious advantage to this is better clarity when you zoom in
	on signals of small amplitude, or for use with x10 probes.
	For math to work, the size of everything would need doubled
	from 16 to 32 bits to avoid overflow.

v1.1: I made a hardware solution for amplifying x10 probes.  See
HARDWARE and buff.*.  16-bit would still be useful though.

v1.10: COMEDI data source handles 16-bit devices, though math may
still need to be fixed to avoid overflow


3	envelope mode			(Jeff_Tranter@Mitel.Com)

	This only applies at slower sweep speeds, right?  See #23.


7	smarter maximum sample rate	(twitham@pcocd2.intel.com)

	If your sound card can do greater than 44kHz, oscope won't
	currently take advantage of it.  It should determine the
	optimum rate at run-time.  I used 44kHz because it was the
	most my card could do at a one sample per pixel screen
	resolution.  But, for example, if your card can do 88kHz it
	could plot every other sample until you zoom in to get 1:1.


8	trigger on math or memory	(twitham@pcocd2.intel.com)

	You could hide 1 and 2 and use an external command as input.
	Also allows you to trigger when 1 equals 2 or whatever.

	Problem - how to handle things like the Bitscope that
	_have_ to have a trigger.  See #33.


9	show pre-trigger samples	(twitham@pcocd2.intel.com)

	Let user position trigger horizontally.  Remember samples
	until we find trigger, then capture h_points - pos more.

v1.4: Of course this wouldn't work with ProbeScope since we have no
samples before trigger.


10	external command history	(twitham@pcocd2.intel.com)

	Remember previous commands and make them available in a list.
	Possibly record them all to the data file.

v1.6: GTK+ interface now has a combo box of useful commands.


11	vertical scale calibration	(Grant_Siemers@ccm.fm.intel.com)

	Ask user to apply a signal of known amplitude and use the
	result to correctly label voltage on the Y axis.  I wonder how
	many folks could actually do this?

v1.4: ProbeScope voltage is labeled correctly, no calibration needed.

v1.10: COMEDI voltage is labeled correctly, no calibration needed.


12	channel colors			(Grant_Siemers@ccm.fm.intel.com)

	Let user customize the colors of the channels.


15	autosetup			(Sean_Eilert@ccm.fm.intel.com)

	Auto-find one period and set the time scale appropriately.


23	more acquisition modes		(twitham@pcocd2.intel.com)

	With #22, we could do various modes like peak detect,
	envelope, average.  I'm thinking all samples could really be
	stored in memory in which case these would really be display
	modes.  That is, how you see a combination of samples
	represented at one horizontal pixel position on the screen.


25	separate sample / display buffers	(twitham@pcocd2.intel.com)

	Internally, collect samples in a different buffer and then
	move them into a separate waveform buffer.  This would greatly
	simplify implementation of several of the above features.

v1.3: I've re-written the display routine to understand arbitrary
sample rates.  Well, anything below 44000 for now.  So maybe this
won't be necessary.

v1.4: The display now works with rates up to 20,000,000 S/s.

v1.8: The display now works with rates up to at least 25,000,000 S/s.


30	BitScope support (www.bitscope.com)

	I plan to write this in the year 2000 when I will finally have
	time.

v1.8: Well, 2000 blew by and I never got it done due to an unexpected
life outside of computers.  So I won't put a date on it now.

	The BitScope is a "Mixed Signal Capture Engine."  Way cool
	programmable hardware that aquires data and makes it available
	through a serial port.  With its 2 analog channels and 8
	digital, it has the potential to turn xoscope into a real
	combined digital scope and logic analyzer at up to 100 MHz!
	My rough initial plan of attack is:

	+ 2 way serial communications to the device

	+ modularized programming and I/O functions

	+ a new channel display mode that instead of drawing one
	analog line draws 8 digital ones.  This way the existing
	buffer memory capabilities will work for the LA too.

v1.7: This display mode is now available; hit ` or ~ to change the
number of bits displayed.

	+ the keyboard interface may need replaced with some sort of
	on-screen menu system to organize the many features, similar
	to the menus of real DSOs.

	+ this likely will be a separate configuration at build-time,
	completely separate from soundcard and probeScope devices
	since the hardware is so much more sophistocated.  In other
	words, it will produce a separate program, for BitScope only.

v1.8: Actually, now I think not.  But it will require GTK+ for a
decent user interface.  I have used Glade to build a control dialog
and believe this will work nicely.

	Obviously this will not be trivial but will be very well worth
	the effort.  Sorry I never had time to do it yet.  I am still
	looking forward to using BitScope with xoscope on Linux.


32	Improved display handling

	Right now, the graticule (display grid) is re-drawn every time
	the data changes.  Under X Windows, the display code could be
	implemented using a bitmask to prevent the signal lines from
	drawing over the graticule when it is in "over" mode.  In
	"under" mode, the inverse bitmask could be used to "draw"
	the signal lines only where the graticule is, using the
	color of the graticule.  End result should be more efficient
	X Windows performance.

	On a psuedo-color (or svgalib) display, signal lines could
	be drawn using reserved bits in a custom colormap,
	removing the need for any special graticule handling at all.

	Code could be smarter about figuring out which x-coordinates
	have been erased, and only re-draw signal lines for those
	coordinates, instead of redrawing entire signal lines.

	Don't have to use backing pixmap unless we're in accumulate mode.


33	Multi-threading

	Some of the data sources (like Bitscope) tend to block and wait
	for serial line operations.  An easy way to avoid this would be
	to implement a multi-threaded data source interface, where the
	data collection thread ran independant from the display thread.
	Main problem I see here is synchronization between the main
	thread and the data collection thread, especially at the end
	of a sweep - you have to signal the main thread that data
	is ready, then wait until everything in the main thread is
	done processing the data before starting a second sweep.


34	16-bit and digital triggering

	Triggering code currently works well for 8-bit triggering
	(the original soundcard design), but for 16-bit sources
	and digital sources, not so well.  How to scale the trigger
	values for 16-bit sources, and do something intellegent
	with digital triggering sources?


99	mini TODOs

	new defaults - default device, default min update interval
	Bitscope dialog - test it and finish it
	memory utilization
	figure out how to use stock buttons on Glade dialogs
	count.dat
	anti-jitter in COMEDI's rt_timer
	max rate option in COMEDI's rt_timer
	fix multi-sample scan delay in COMEDI's rt_timer
	investigate RTAI scheduling issues - how badly do we need anti-jitter?
	ability to resize to a small(er) window
	COMEDI gain control
	shouldn't lose display information when moving signal up/down
	time scale normalization - when it's done and how
	noise causing false triggers on 16-bit data sources
	should we note clipping?  older versions did
	COMEDI rate logic
	make sure -m option works (screen size)
	cursors - should always show same voltage left/right
	cursors - move around if sampling rate on active channel changes
